K'un / The Receptive
## 2. K'un / The Receptive
``---___---``
``---___---`` above _K'un_ The Receptive, Earth  
``---___---``
``---___---``
``---___---`` below _K'un_ The Receptive, Earth  
``---___---``
### The Judgement
> The Receptive brings about sublime success,  
 Furthering through the perseverance of a mare.  
 If the superior man undertakes something and tries to lead,  
 He goes astray;  
 But if he follows, he finds guidance.  
 It is favorable to find friends in the west and south,  
 To forego friends in the east and north.  
 Quiet perseverance brings good fortune.
### The Image
> The earth's condition is receptive devotion.  
 Thus the superior man who has breadth of character  
 Carries the outer world.
### The Lines

 > **Change at the beginning means:**  
 When there is hoarfrost underfoot,  
 Solid ice is not far off.

 > **Change in the second place means:**  
 Straight, square, great.  
 Without purpose,  
 Yet nothing remains unfurthered.

 > **Change in the third place means:**  
 Hidden lines.  
 One is able to remain persevering.  
 If by chance you are in the service of a king,  
 Seek not works, but bring to completion.


 > **Change in the fourth place means:**  
 A tied-up sack. No blame, no praise.

 > **Change in the fifth place means:**  
 A yellow lower garment brings supreme good fortune.

 > **Change at the top means:**  
 Dragons fight in the meadow.  
 Their blood is black and yellow.

 > **When all the lines Change, it means:**  
 Lasting perseverance furthers.
