Ming I / Darkening of the Light
## 36. Ming I / Darkening of the Light
> [--- ---]   
> [--- ---] above _K'un_ The Receptive, Earth  
> [--- ---]   
> [-------]   
> [--- ---] below _Li_ The Clinging, Flame  
> [-------]
### The Judgement
> Darkening of the Light. In adversity  
 It furthers one to be persevering.
### The Image
> The light has sunk into the earth:  
 The image of Darkening of the Light.  
 Thus does the superior man live with the great mass:  
 He veils his light, yet still shines.
### The Lines

 > **Change at the beginning means:**  
 Darkening of the light during flight.  
 He lowers his wings.  
 The superior man does not eat for three days  
 On his wanderings.  
 But he has somewhere to go.  
 The host has occasion to gossip about him.
 > **Change in the second place means:**  
 Darkening of the light injures him in the left thigh.  
 He gives aid with the strength of a horse.  
 Good fortune.
 > **Change in the third place means:**  
 Darkening of the light during the hunt in the south.  
 Their great leader is captured.  
 One must not expect perseverance too soon.
 > **Change in the fourth place means:**  
 He penetrates the left side of the belly.  
 One gets at the very heart of the darkening of the light,  
 And leaves gate and courtyard.
 > **Change in the fifth place means:**  
 Darkening of the light as with Prince Chi.  
 Perseverance furthers.
 > **Change at the top means:**  
 Not light but darkness.  
 First he climbed up to heaven,  
 Then he plunged into the depths of the earth.



