Chên / The Arousing (Shock, Thunder)
## 51. Chên / The Arousing (Shock, Thunder)
> [--- ---]
> [--- ---] above _Chên_ The Arousing, Thunder  
> [-------]
> [--- ---]
> [--- ---] below _Chên_ The Arousing, Thunder  
> [-------]
### The Judgement
> Shock brings success.  
 Shock comes--oh, oh!  
 Laughing words--ha, ha!  
 The shock terrifies for a hundred miles,  
 And he does not let fall the sacrificial spoon and chalice.
### The Image
> Thunder repeated: the image of Shock.  
 Thus in fear and trembling  
 The superior man sets his life in order  
 And examines himself.
### The Lines

 > **Change at the beginning means:**  
 Shock comes--oh, oh!  
 Then follow laughing words--ha, ha!  
 Good fortune.
 > **Change in the second place means:**  
 Shock comes bringing danger.  
 A hundred thousand times  
 You lose your treasures  
 And must climb the Change hills.  
 Do not go in pursuit of them.  
 After seven days you will get them back.
 > **Change in the third place means:**  
 Shock comes and makes one distraught.  
 If shock spurs to action  
 One remains free of misfortune.
 > **Change in the fourth place means:**  
 Shock is mired.
 > **Change in the fifth place means:**  
 Shock goes hither and thither.  
 Danger.  
 However, nothing at all is lost.  
 Yet there are things to be done.
 > **Change at the top means:**  
 Shock brings ruin and terrified gazing around.  
 Going ahead brings misfortune.  
 If is has not yet touched one's own body  
 But has reached one's neighbor first,  
 There is no blame.  
 One's comrades have something to talk about.



