Hsiao Kuo / Preponderance of the Small
## 62. Hsiao Kuo / Preponderance of the Small
      ```---   ---```
      ```---   ---``` above _Chên_ The Arousing, Thunder  
      ```---------```
      ```---------```
      ```---   ---``` below _Kên_ Keeping Still, Mountain  
      ```---   ---```
### The Judgement
> Preponderance of the Small. Success.  
 Perseverance furthers.  
 Small things may be done; great things should not be done.  
 The flying bird brings the message:  
 It is not well to strive upward,  
 It is well to remain below.  
 Great good fortune.
### The Image
> Thunder on the mountain:  
 The image of Preponderance of the Small.  
 Thus in his conduct the superior man gives preponderance to reverence.  
 In bereavement he gives preponderance to grief.  
 In his expenditures he gives preponderance to thrift.
### The Lines

 > **Change at the beginning means:**  
 The bird meets with misfortune through flying.
 > **Change in the second place means:**  
 She passes by her ancestor  
 And meets her ancestress.  
 He does not reach his prince  
 And meets the official.  
 No blame.
 > **Change in the third place means:**  
 If one is not extremely careful,  
 Somebody may come up from behind and strike him.  
 Misfortune.
 > **Change in the fourth place means:**  
 No blame. He meets him without passing by.  
 Going brings danger. One must be on guard.  
 Do not act. Be constantly persevering.
 > **Change in the fifth place means:**  
 Dense clouds,  
 No rain from our western territory.  
 The prince shoots and hits him who is in the cave.
 > **Change at the top means:**  
 He passes him by, not meeting him.  
 The flying bird leaves him.  
 Misfortune.  
 This means bad luck and injury.



