Chun / Difficulty at the Beginning
## 3. Chun / Difficulty at the Beginning
> [--- ---]
> [-------] above _K'an_ The Abysmal, Water  
> [--- ---]
> [--- ---]
> [--- ---] below _Chên_ The Arousing, Thunder  
> [-------]
### The Judgement
> Difficulty at the Beginning works supreme success,  
 Furthering through perseverance.  
 Nothing should be undertaken.  
 It furthers one to appoint helpers.
### The Image
> Clouds and thunder:  
 The image of Difficulty at the Beginning.  
 Thus the superior man  
 Brings order out of confusion.
### The Lines

 > **Change at the beginning means:**  
 Hesitation and hindrance.  
 It furthers one to remain persevering.  
 It furthers one to appoint helpers.
 > **Change in the second place means:**  
 Difficulties pile up.  
 Horse and wagon part.  
 He is not a robber;  
 He wants to woo when the time comes.  
 The maiden is chaste,  
 She does not pledge herself.  
 Ten years--then she pledges herself.
 > **Change in the third place means:**  
 Whoever hunts deer without the forester  
 Only loses his way in the forest.  
 The superior man understands the signs of the time  
 And prefers to desist.  
 To go on brings humiliation.
 > **Change in the fourth place means:**  
 Horse and wagon part.  
 Strive for union.  
 To go on brings good fortune.  
 Everything acts to further.
 > **Change in the fifth place means:**  
 Difficulties in blessing.  
 A little perseverance brings good fortune.  
 Great perseverance brings misfortune.
 > **Change at the top means:**  
 Horse and wagon part.  
 Bloody tears flow.



