Pi / Holding Together (Union)
## 8. Pi / Holding Together (Union)
```---___---```
```---------``` above _K'an_ The Abysmal, Water  
```---___---```
```---___---```
```---___---``` below _K'un_ The Receptive, Earth  
```---___---```
### The Judgement
> Holding Together brings good fortune.  
 Inquire of the oracle once again  
 Whether you possess sublimity, constancy, and perseverance;  
 Then there is no blame.  
 Those who are uncertain gradually join.  
 Whoever comes too late  
 Meets with misfortune.
### The Image
> On the earth is water:  
 The image of Holding Together.  
 Thus the kings of antiquity  
 Bestowed the different states as fiefs  
 And cultivated friendly relations  
 With the feudal lords.
### The Lines

 > **Change at the beginning means:**  
 Hold to him in truth and loyalty;  
 This is without blame.  
 Truth, like a full earthen bowl:  
 Thus in the end  
 Good fortune comes from without.
 > **Change in the second place means:**  
 Hold to him inwardly.  
 Perseverance brings good fortune.
 > **Change in the third place means:**  
 You hold together with the wrong people.
 > **Change in the fourth place means:**  
 Hold to him outwardly also.  
 Perseverance brings good fortune.
 > **Change in the fifth place means:**  
 Manifestation of holding together.  
 In the hunt the king uses beaters on three sides only  
 And foregoes game that runs off in front.  
 The citizens need no warning.  
 Good fortune.
 > **Change at the top means:**  
 He finds no head for holding together.  
 Misfortune.



