K'un / Oppression (Exhaustion)
## 47. K'un / Oppression (Exhaustion)
> [--- ---]
> [-------] above _Tui_ The Joyous, Lake  
> [-------]
> [--- ---]
> [-------] below _K'an_ The Abysmal, Water  
> [--- ---]
### The Judgement
> Oppression. Success. Perseverance.  
 The great man brings about good fortune.  
 No blame.  
 When one has something to say,  
 It is not believed.
### The Image
> There is no water in the lake:  
 The image of Exhaustion.  
 Thus the superior man stakes his life  
 On following his will.
### The Lines

 > **Change at the beginning means:**  
 One sits oppressed under a bare tree  
 And strays into a gloomy valley.  
 For three years one sees nothing.
 > **Change in the second place means:**  
 One is oppressed while at meat and drink.  
 The man with the scarlet knee bands is just coming.  
 It furthers one to offer sacrifice.  
 To set forth brings misfortune.  
 No blame.
 > **Change in the third place means:**  
 A man permits himself to be oppressed by stone,  
 And leans on thorns and thistles.  
 He enters his house and does not see his wife.  
 Misfortune.
 > **Change in the fourth place means:**  
 He comes very quietly, oppressed in a golden carriage.  
 Humiliation, but the end is reached.
 > **Change in the fifth place means:**  
 His nose and feet are cut off.  
 Oppression at the hands of the man with the purple knee bands.  
 Joy comes softly.  
 It furthers one to make offerings and libations.
 > **Change at the top means:**  
 He is oppressed by creeping vines.  
 He moves uncertainly and says, "Movement brings remorse."  
 If one feels remorse over this and makes a start,  
 Good fortune comes.



