Ts'ui / Gathering Together (Massing)
## 45. Ts'ui / Gathering Together (Massing)
      ```---   ---```
      ```---------``` above _Tui_ The Joyous, Lake  
      ```---------```
      ```---   ---```
      ```---   ---``` below _K'un_ The Receptive, Earth  
      ```---   ---```
### The Judgement
> Gathering Together. Success.  
 The king approaches his temple.  
 It furthers one to see the great man.  
 This brings success. Perseverance furthers.  
 To bring great offerings creates good fortune.  
 It furthers one to undertake something.
### The Image
> Over the earth, the lake:  
 The image of Gathering Together.  
 Thus the superior man renews his weapons  
 In order to meet the unforseen.
### The Lines

 > **Change at the beginning means:**  
 If you are sincere, but not to the end,  
 There will sometimes be confusion, sometimes gathering together.  
 If you call out,  
 Then after one grasp of the hand you can laugh again.  
 Regret not. Going is without blame.
 > **Change in the second place means:**  
 Letting oneself be drawn  
 Brings good fortune and remains blameless.  
 If one is sincere,  
 It furthers one to bring even a small offering.
 > **Change in the third place means:**  
 Gathering together amid sighs.  
 Nothing that would not further.  
 Going is without blame.  
 Slight humiliation.
 > **Change in the fourth place means:**  
 Great good fortune. No blame.
 > **Change in the fifth place means:**  
 If in gathering together one has position,  
 This brings no blame.  
 If there are some who are not yet sincere in the work,  
 Sublime and enduring perseverance is needed.  
 Then remorse disappears.
 > **Change at the top means:**  
 Lamenting and sighing, floods of tears.  
 No blame.



