Kuai / Break-through (Resoluteness)
## 43. Kuai / Break-through (Resoluteness)
> [--- ---]
> [-------] above _Tui_ The Joyous, Lake  
> [-------]
> [-------]
> [-------] below _Ch'ien_ The Creative, Heaven  
> [-------]
### The Judgement
> Break-through. One must resolutely make the matter known  
 At the court of the king.  
 It must be announced truthfully. Danger.  
 It is necessary to notify one's own city.  
 It does not further to resort to arms.  
 It furthers one to undertake something.
### The Image
> The lake has risen up to heaven:  
 The image of Break-through.  
 Thus the superior man  
 Dispenses riches downward  
 And refrains from resting on his virtue.
### The Lines

 > **Change at the beginning means:**  
 Mighty in the forward-striding toes.  
 When one goes and is not equal to the task,  
 One makes a mistake.
 > **Change in the second place means:**  
 A cry of alarm. Arms at evening and at night.  
 Fear nothing.
 > **Change in the third place means:**  
 To be powerful in the cheekbones  
 Brings misfortune.  
 The superior man is firmly resolved.  
 He walks alone and is caught in the rain.  
 He is bespattered,  
 And people murmur against him.  
 No blame.
 > **Change in the fourth place means:**  
 There is no skin on his thighs,  
 And walking comes hard.  
 If a man were to let himself be led like a sheep,  
 Remorse would disappear.  
 But if these words are heard  
 They will not be believed.
 > **Change in the fifth place means:**  
 In dealing with weeds,  
 Firm resolution is necessary.  
 Walking in the middle  
 Remains free of blame.
 > **Change at the top means:**  
 No cry.  
 In the end misfortune comes.



