I / The Corners of the Mouth (Providing Nourishment)
## 27. I / The Corners of the Mouth (Providing Nourishment)
```---------```
```---___---``` above _Kên_ Keeping Still, Mountain  
```---___---```
```---___---```
```---___---``` below _Chên_ The Arousing, Thunder  
```---------```
### The Judgement
> The Corners of the Mouth.  
 Perseverance brings good fortune.  
 Pay heed to the providing of nourishment.  
 And to what a man seeks  
 To fill his own mouth with.
### The Image
> At the foot of the mountain, thunder:  
 The image of Providing Nourishment.  
 Thus the superior man is careful of his words  
 And temperate in eating and drinking.
### The Lines

 > **Change at the beginning means:**  
 You let your magic tortoise go,  
 And look at me with the corners of your mouth drooping.  
 Misfortune.
 > **Change in the second place means:**  
 Turning to the summit for nourishment,  
 Deviating from the path  
 To seek nourishment from the hill.  
 Continuing to do this brings misfortune.
 > **Change in the third place means:**  
 Turning away from nourishment.  
 Perseverance brings misfortune.  
 Do not act thus for ten years.  
 Nothing serves to further.
 > **Change in the fourth place means:**  
 Turning to the summit  
 For provision of nourishment  
 Brings good fortune.  
 Spying about with sharp eyes  
 Like a tiger with insatiable craving.  
 No blame.
 > **Change in the fifth place means:**  
 Turning away from the path.  
 To remain persevering brings good fortune.  
 One should not cross the great water.
 > **Change at the top means:**  
 The source of nourishment.  
 Awareness of danger brings good fortune.  
 It furthers one to cross the great water.



