K'uei / Opposition
## 38. K'uei / Opposition
      ---------
      ---   --- above _Li_ The Clinging, Flame  
      ---------
      ---   ---
      --------- below _Tui_ The Joyous, Lake  
      ---------
### The Judgement
> Opposition. In small matters, good fortune.
### The Image
> Above fire; below, the lake:  
 The image of Opposition.  
 Thus amid all fellowship  
 The superior man retains his individuality.
### The Lines

 > **Change at the beginning means:**  
 Remorse disappears.  
 If you lose your horse, do not run after it;  
 It will come back of its own accord.  
 When you see evil people,  
 Guard yourself against mistakes.
 > **Change in the second place means:**  
 One meets his lord in a narrow street.  
 No blame.
 > **Change in the third place means:**  
 One sees the wagon dragged back,  
 The oxen halted,  
 A man's hair and nose cut off.  
 Not a good beginning, but a good end.
 > **Change in the fourth place means:**  
 Isolated through opposition,  
 One meets a like-minded man  
 With whom one can associate in good faith.  
 Despite the danger, no blame.
 > **Change in the fifth place means:**  
 Remorse disappears.  
 The companion bites his way through the wrappings.  
 If one goes to him,  
 How could it be a mistake?
 > **Change at the top means:**  
 Isolated through opposition,  
 One sees one's companion as a pig covered with dirt,  
 As a wagon full of devils.  
 First one draws a bow against him,  
 Then one lays the bow aside.  
 He is not a robber; he will woo at the right time.  
 As one goes, rain falls; then good fortune comes.



