P'i / Standstill (Stagnation)
## 12. P'i / Standstill (Stagnation)
> [-------]   
> [-------] above _Ch'ien_ The Creative, Heaven  
> [-------]   
> [--- ---]   
> [--- ---] below _K'un_ The Receptive, Earth  
> [--- ---]
### The Judgement
> Standstill. Evil people do not further  
 The perseverance of the superior man.  
 The great departs; the small approaches.
### The Image
> Heaven and earth do not unite:  
 The image of Standstill.  
 Thus the superior man falls back upon his inner worth  
 In order to escape the difficulties.  
 He does not permit himself to be honored with revenue.
### The Lines

 > **Change at the beginning means:**  
 When the ribbon grass is pulled up, the sod comes with it.  
 Each according to his kind.  
 Perseverance brings good fortune and success.
 > **Change in the second place means:**  
 They bear and endure;  
 This means good fortune for inferior people.  
 The standstill serves to help the great man attain success.
 > **Change in the third place means:**  
 They bear shame.
 > **Change in the fourth place means:**  
 He who acts at the command of the highest  
 Remains without blame.  
 Those of like mind partake of the blessing.
 > **Change in the fifth place means:**  
 Standstill is giving way.  
 Good fortune for the great man.  
 "What if it should fail, what if it should fail?"  
 In this way, he ties it to a cluster of mulberry shoots.
 > **Change at the top means:**  
 The standstill comes to an end.  
 First standstill, then good fortune.



